sarah went out one night and left amy
sleeping on the couch
when she returned amy was gone but her
phone was on the couch
the last number dialed was six four four
four
five five three three sarah suspected
three people who could be behind
amy's disappearance amy's cousin tina
their neighbor mike and amy's brother
luke
when the police showed up they analyzed
the phone number
and found out who was the organizer
you've got
seven seconds to figure it out
it was mike amy used the t9
writing keyboard it means she had to
press each number a few times to get the
letter
the numbers make up the word mike
it was a rainy sunday morning and jane
who was the prince's housekeeper
walked into his room to clean it there
she realized that the prince was gone
but there was evidence in the room that
something had happened
broken vases spilled drinks and duct
tape on the floor jane called the police
right away
and they began questioning everyone in
the house
the butler said he was cleaning his car
to take the prince shopping
jane said that as soon as she walked
into the room she called the police
the gardener said that he didn't even go
inside and was watering the plants in
the garden
can you help the police figure it out
it was the gardener it was raining there
was no need to water the plants
a businessman was about to go through a
security check at the airport
when he realized someone had taken his
luggage the airport police had three
suspects who had to be interviewed
lisa said i wouldn't take someone's old
brown bag
i have my own mike explained he was a
light traveler and didn't have luggage
he put everything in his backpack rob
had a broken arm and a sprained ankle
he could hardly carry anything the
police immediately knew
who had done it can you figure it out
[Music]
it was lisa nobody told her the luggage
was brown
one day a teacher decided to give her
students a test
but all of them refused to take it she
could give detention for skipping the
test
to only one student all of them knew
each other's names
if a student knew they were going to get
detention they agreed to take the test
how could the teacher make all the
students participate
she told them that she'd give detention
to the student whose name
came first alphabetically then this
person wouldn't skip the test
the next person on the list wouldn't
skip as well and so on
until the end of the list brendan sat in
a coffee shop and found a fly in his
drink
how disgusting he asked the waiter to
bring him another coffee
after receiving the new cup and taking a
sip he became
angry brendan realized that it was the
same cup of coffee he had in the first
place
how did he know that it was the same cup
of coffee
[Music]
it doesn't take a coffee expert to get
this one right the second coffee was
already sweetened
brendan had put sugar in his first cup
before finding the fly
on saturday morning the bank received a
call that someone took
all the jewelry out of the bank's vault
officer diaz was
on the case and as soon as she walked
into the bank
she asked to see the security cameras
coincidentally they didn't work
and she knew this was an inside job
she turned to the security guard the
cashier and the analyst
and asked them to open their office
drawers
tom the security guard had keys to the
vaults to let visitors in
mark the cashier had a pair of gloves to
handle money
tim the analyst had the master key in
his drawer that opened the vault
because he needed some documents there
immediately the officer knew who did it
can you figure it out
it was the analyst the vault was filled
with jewelry
not documents a prestigious gallery
just had a new exhibition at the end of
the show
the gallery owner discovered that four
of the most expensive flower
paintings had been stolen the police
show up to do an investigation
and now they have wait for it three
suspects
jenna the artist said she disappeared
into one of the studios to paint
bob the security guard said he was just
waiting outside
and had no idea the flower paintings
were gone
lewis the caterer said he knew nothing
about the robbery
until the police showed up so who's the
thief
it's the security guard he couldn't have
known which paintings were stolen if he
was standing outside
oh bob a man is driving along a highway
in his car
after several hours on the road he grows
tired
it's also getting dark he notices a
motel sign
when the driver reaches the place he
sees three buildings
with a wooden door with a silver door
and with a gold one
which door should he open
[Music]
his car door of course john's father
has three sons there's jack a quiet
intelligence student
then there's jason a popular athlete so
who's the third son
[Music]
it's john his father has three sons
jack jason and him john lucas
lived in paris but he didn't like the
eiffel tower
so every day he ate his dinner in the
only place where it couldn't be seen
what was this place
lucas always had dinner in a cafe at the
base of the tower
oliver was sailing his yacht when
something went wrong
his ship sank in the middle of the ocean
after swimming for hours
the man woke up on a deserted island
after looking around he saw two men well
it wasn't so deserted was it
they were islanders who wanted to keep
oliver locked in one of the caves on the
island
oliver agreed but asked them to grant
him one last wish
when he told the men what he wanted they
set him free
what was his wish
[Music]
he said i agree but only the smartest
can lock me there
you're a student and you have an
important philosophy exam today
big stress you like most of your peers
haven't attended many classes or learned
anything this semester
when you come to the exam the teacher
puts a chair in the center of the
classroom and says
none of you learned my subject so
everyone will have the same chance to
pass it
see this chair write evidence that it
doesn't exist
the person who convinces me of this will
pass
what should you write to ace the exam
[Music]
the correct answer is what chair
you're making your way through the
forest thicket and come across
two bear cubs ah cute you remember the
granola in your pocket
what do you do give it to the cubs and
play with them
keep calm and slowly but immediately
sneak away
walk away calmly i'm running as fast as
possible from the bears
better make it quick you have only seven
seconds to decide
[Music]
get out of there but slowly and calmly
if you've crossed paths with some cubs
mama bear is probably nearby if you run
you'll likely draw her attention and
she'll try to protect her babies
even if you had no bad intentions jack
a hired private investigator is looking
for someone who is pretending to be poor
to get free stuff at the local coffee
shop but everyone there has similar
accessories and it's hard to figure it
out can you help
it's the lady in the gray suit she holds
car keys in her hands
susie and jason had been married for 10
years
one day susie went on a business trip
she had to stay away from home for two
days
as soon as the woman came back jason
realized something was
wrong the woman hugging him wasn't his
wife
how did he know
[Music]
susie always wore her wedding ring and
the woman who pretended to be her didn't
have one
there was no tan line in its place
either
or it really was susie but she came back
after getting a nose job
using her wedding ring to pay for it
could be
lisa was a successful guitar player in a
rock band
on friday they were having their third
big gig
and the band was waiting for her but she
was nowhere to be found
finally the girl showed up but it wasn't
lisa
it was her twin sister sarah she locked
her sibling in the basement
took her clothes and the guitar and got
ready to pose as a band member
but as soon as the team saw sarah they
immediately knew
she wasn't lisa how did they know
you need short fingernails to play the
guitar sarah had long nails
but apparently she didn't fret about it
mary is stranded on an island in the
middle of an enormous
deep lake she can't swim and doesn't
have a boat
the nearest town is on the shore five
miles away from her
all she has is three ropes each of them
are two feet long
three hours later mary reaches the town
how did she manage to escape from the
island
well it's winter and the lake is frozen
mary simply crossed the lake on the ice
amy won 20 million dollars in the
lottery
the night after she had received the
money she stayed in the most expensive
hotel
and made a video it was about her life
and how she hadn't seen her sister since
childhood
the next day three girls showed up
claiming to be her sister
all of them look so much alike but which
one tells the truth
it's the lady on the right she has the
same mole as amy on her cheek
a tattoo with the letter a and a tattoo
with two girls holding hands
okay let's imagine you don't know what
an elephant looks like
one day you're going on a safari to
watch animals with your friends
one of them points at a rhino and tells
you it's an elephant
the other shows you a hippo and claims
that it's an elephant
who will you believe and why
the task was to imagine that you didn't
know what an elephant looked like
not that you didn't know what a hippo
and a rhino are it means
you won't believe either of your friends
boy
with a couple of lying friends like
these after a particularly heavy
snowfall had led
up daniel went outside and discovered
that there was twice as much snow in his
yard
as in his neighbors but daniel didn't
look surprised at all
how come try to shovel your way to the
truth
in the next seven seconds
[Music]
there's no mystery to this whatsoever
daniel's yard is two times bigger than
his neighbors
there's a barrel of water in the yard
you look inside and say that it's more
than half full
but your friend argues that it's less
how to figure out who's right without
using any measuring tools
or removing water from the barrel
[Music]
tilt the barrel so that the water
touches the rim
if you can see the bottom the barrel is
less than half full
if the bottom is still covered with
water it's more
it's completely dark and you could
really use some shut eye
out of nowhere you hear someone call
your name
you're so taken aback that you run away
from this place
there are three paths ahead the first is
covered in hot coals
the second is strewn with rusty nails
broken glass
lies on the third what will you choose
yeah i know we're leaving the path of
reality here but hey
just play along you can score some
really good points
[Music]
go with the hot coals your feet won't be
on them for too long
if you're running david got lost in a
jungle
after wandering for hours at lunchtime
he came to a place
where the path split into three smaller
trails
the first led to an active volcano with
red-hot lava bubbling in its crater
if david chose the second path he would
get to a clearing swarming with venomous
bats
and the third path ended in a swamp
swallowing everything
and everybody that got there where
should he go
[Music]
david should choose the second path most
bats are only active at night
plus they almost never attack humans
on sunday mark a hotel owner called the
police and said that the chef of his
hotel
tried to poison him the night before he
gave him a fresh avocado to eat
and as soon as he took the first bite he
passed out
the police ran to investigate the scene
and the chef denied everything
they found the avocado on the floor and
they knew that the owner was lying
how did they know
[Music]
the avocado was fresh if he bit it last
night
it would have been brown by now stan met
a stranger he'd never seen before
stan heard about him but no descriptions
of his appearance were ever mentioned
nevertheless stan understood immediately
who the guy was
how is this possible
well some people just look more alike
than others
the guy stan met was the twin brother of
one of his friends
anna had the flu and stayed in bed for
three days
one afternoon her mother came to visit
her
she walked into her room but anna was
gone
she immediately called the police and
the detectives had three main suspects
chris jenna and mark they were anna's
roommates
and said they left the house and had
been out all night
when the detectives checked their cars
they immediately knew who was lying
can you figure it out you have seven
seconds
it was chris his car was parked too
close to a wall
and anna's car was parked right next to
it since anna didn't leave the house for
three days
it means neither did he amy and chris
have a little son called noah on
saturday
they went out to dinner and left noah at
home when they returned
the little boy was gone the alarmed
parents called the police
the detective questioned everyone in the
house
the babysitter said she had been
preparing noah's school bag for the next
day
the maid said she had spent the day
cleaning the bathrooms
the chef said he had been preparing
breakfast for the next day and hadn't
heard anything
the police immediately knew who was
lying can you figure it out
it was the babysitter it's saturday
and children don't go to school on
sundays you're stranded on a tiny
uninhabited island you have no radio
cell phone or any other means of
communication
the island also has no trees to make a
smoke signal
on the second day there you notice a
helicopter circling in the sky
and searching for you it's flying too
high for the pilots to spot you
how can you attract their attention
[Music]
pick up some stones and use them to
write sos
on the sand katie a private investigator
decided to have a vacation at a ski
resort in france
while she was waiting in the lobby the
hotel manager announced he was looking
for some translators
he needed help with important documents
he wanted people who spoke in different
languages
katie offered to help with the hiring
process
maya said she was living in germany and
knew the german language
rob said he once lived in singapore and
was fluent in mandarin
john said he had spent a decade in
brazil and spoke brazilian
katie immediately told the clerk that
one of the applicants was lying
can you figure out who it was
[Music]
it was john they speak portuguese in
brazil
when they're not talking soccer a new
restaurant open on the roof of a
skyscraper
food critic jake is there to try the
dishes and give his feedback
suddenly a bad storm picks up and jake
hears an announcement
everyone must evacuate the building asap
he runs inside to find three elevators
he must pick one to stay alive
behind the first there are dozens of
venomous snakes
slithering all over the floor in the
second
three angry lions are roaring as they
smell him through the doors
the third elevator is filled with water
and two hungry sharks
you want to call the building management
to find out who the heck
puts snakes lions and sharks in the
elevators but you need to escape first
which is the best option you have seven
seconds to decide
it's the third elevator when the door
opens all the water will
pour out along with the sharks and he
can escape
an astronaut was about to go on a
spacewalk he needed the okay from the
space center on earth
but the communications were down since
4am that morning
while waiting for someone to fix the
problem he vanished
someone on the space station knew what
happened but who
harry said that he was in his room
sleeping
nick said that he was reading a book on
his bed
jenna said she was talking to the space
center down on earth
who is lying you have seven seconds to
figure it out
it's jenna their communications were
down since that morning
and nick couldn't get the ok to leave
will
was walking on railroad tracks when he
saw a train coming right
at him at full speed as soon as he
spotted it he ran
toward the train to survive why did he
do that
he was in a tunnel the only way to get
to safety
was running toward the train out of the
tunnel and then
jumping out to the side an egg has to
fall 100 feet
but you can't let it break you can't
slow down its fall or cushion its
landing
how can you do it
drop the egg from a height greater than
100 feet and it won't break
for the first 100 feet rob works as a
mechanic in his own garage
one afternoon he went out to get some
supplies
when he came back he noticed someone had
been messing around in his office
the intruder tried to put everything
back the way it had been before
but they forgot some small detail can
you spot it
there's a lipstick mark on rob's coffee
cup and his chair is lowered
you're not paying attention as you walk
downstream with a river and
ow a poisonous snake bits you on the leg
you can do one of three things to save
yourself what will it be
use your mouth to extract the venom tie
a tourniquet around your leg to prevent
the venom from spreading
stay calm and put your leg in a loose
splint to restrict movement your vision
is blurring
hurry you only have five seconds
[Music]
never try the mouth trick and don't ever
use a tourniquet for a snake bite
it's best not to move the affected limb
and keep it below your heart level
remove any clothing around the area
before it swells up
one day the amethyst jewelry store owner
called the police
he reported that somebody had taken all
his expensive diamonds
the detectives knew someone in the town
had been doing it for a while now
they were going to catch this person
red-handed
the stores with the missing jewelry were
alvaros
antonio's aqua rings amethyst
there are five more jewelry stores in
the town which one's going to be the
[Music]
next
arts jewels all the targeted stores
start with the letter a